(moody pop music)
♪ Creatures kissing in the rain ♪
♪ Shapeless in the dark again ♪
♪ In the hanging garden
please don't speak ♪
♪ In the hanging garden no one sleeps ♪
♪ In the hanging garden ♪
♪ Catching haloes on the moon ♪
♪ Gives my hands the shapes of angels ♪
♪ In the heat of the
night the animals scream ♪
♪ In the heat of the night
walking into a dream ♪
♪ Fall, fall, fall, fall ♪
♪ Into the walls ♪
♪ Jump, jump out of time ♪
♪ Fall, fall, fall, fall ♪
♪ Out of the sky ♪
♪ Cover my face as the animals cry ♪
♪ In the hanging garden ♪
♪ Creatures kissing in the rain ♪
♪ Shapeless in the dark again ♪
♪ In the hanging garden change the past ♪
♪ In the hanging garden
wearing furs and masks ♪
♪ Fall, fall, fall, fall ♪
♪ Into the walls ♪
♪ Jump, jump out of time ♪
♪ Fall, fall, fall, fall ♪
♪ Out of the sky ♪
♪ Cover my face as the animals die ♪
♪ In the hanging garden ♪
♪ As the animals die ♪
♪ Cover my face as the animals die ♪
♪ In the hanging garden ♪